[CANN] Update the doc of CANN EP (#20138)
microsoft/onnxruntime: docs/execution-providers/community-maintained/CANN-ExecutionProvider.md

Default value: false

### dump_om_model

> Whether to dump the OM(Offlined Model for Aasend Npu) to disk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whether to dump the offline model for Ascend AI Processor to an .om file.
```
